# CS305Module8

Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
  Artemise Financial is a consulting company that develops indicidualized finanical plans for their customers. These finicial plans include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance--all very private information that needs a good level of security around it to make sure it doesn't leak into the wrong hands. Artemis Financial wants to modernize their operations by creating a RESTful API that others can take advantage of to bring their services to the world wide web. However, security is the number one priority when it comes to this approach, so this is where our job comes in. 
  
What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
  I made sure to minimize my client's sofware vulnerabilites by updating their code base with the appropriate package versions as well as implementing industry best practices. This is important to do becuase there is very sensitive information being transferred across the interntet that could lead to some catastrophic results if it landed in the wrong hands. Software security adds a level of comofort and confidence for the end user. They can use your application and be confident that their information won't leak into the wrong hands. They don't have to worry about any unintended consequences of using your application and can trust you to hold their sensitive information securily. This means that more people will be willing to use your application which will make the client happier.
What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
  APIs is still a challengin aspect of the vulneraility aspect to me because we didn't really get to work with this aspect. The most helpful was cryptography because we got to learn how to use it hands on. Cryptography can be used on basically any type of data to make sure that it can never end up in the wrong hands. It is also one of the unique super powers of computers that allows for super safe transfer of information between client and server.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
  To increase the layers of secuirty, I used an additional layer of encryption. This means that not only was the connection between the client and server encrypted, but so was the data that was being passed along it. This could theoretically add a layer of secuirty to every single part of the application, howerver it is important to consider code efficiency. In th future, I will use inspection to discover if there are any simple vulnerabilites such as outdated code in an application. This can easily be remedied by updating the codebase and implementing the industry standard best practices. 
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
  Testing the code allows us to see out code in motion. Tests can expose vulneabilites and allow us to make the code more efficient. After testing, we can refactor the code to make it better. It is then necessary to test again to ensure that we didn't introduce more vulnerabilities by testing the code again. This cycle of testing and refactoring goes back and forth untill the code is vulnerability free and hopefully in its most efficient state.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
 The internet is our best friend as programmers. There is already a wealth of knowledge online about all the different problems and challenges that might arise during the programming process. I belive that anything you want to learn is already on the internet, you just have to go out there and find it, which can be challenging. This is why it is importannt to be a good googler. You need to know how to search for exactly what you're looking for to make your programming experience a lot easier. I like testing and refactoring other people's solutions, this way I know exacly how it works instead of just copying and pasting the answer without any learning. 
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
  I might show them the vulnerability report to showcase my ability to understand where vulnerabilities can make their way into an otherwise secure code base. This is an important skill to have becuase it means I already know where to look within a code base to find potential vulnerabilities. Finding vulnerabilites is the first step to solving vulnerabilites which is vital for maintinaing a secure codebase for your users. This is definitiely a skill that I would like to showcase to potential employers, so this is why I would show them my vulnerability report.
